after we touch the seven stars we bring
the hands up one step back and down two
and this is step back and ride the tiger
because if I was riding a tiger I would
have that tiger by the neck either hand
high and I'd be riding that tiger
through the African safari and holding
on for dear life
so from this way breathe in breathe out
ride the tiger again from the light tap
breathe in breathe out and so there
comes a time in a fight when you have to
just Eve aid step back and let your
opponent burn themselves out if you got
a kicker like this guy is you might be
throwing a simple straight kick create
some distance other kick create some
distance other kick create some distance
other kick create some distance and do
it again one two three four stepping
back and ride the tiger or calm that
tiger I do you like double kicks that
you do the same kind of thing one two
back this way one two again one more
time double kicks coming in one-two
harder kicks one two
good then you can have your partner if
you trust them really let it fly try to
hit me go again one two again one two
one more time
single kicks ride the tiger double kicks
one two coming back creating distance
creating separation and using your hands
as defensive weapons